Plagiarism Checker | Grammarly Log in Plagiarism Checker by Grammarly Grammarly’s plagiarism checker detects plagiarism in your text and checks for other writing issues. Catch plagiarism from ProQuest databases and over 16 billion web pages. Scan for plagiarism Upload a file Get feedback on grammar, punctuation, vocabulary, and sentence structure. Catch plagiarism from ProQuest databases and over 16 billion web pages. Get feedback on grammar, punctuation, vocabulary, and sentence structure. Plagiarism Checking Grammarly’s plagiarism checker can detect plagiarism from billions of web pages as well as from ProQuest’s academic databases. Our free plagiarism check will tell you whether or not your text contains duplicate content. Our Premium plagiarism check highlights passages that require citations and gives you the resources you need to properly credit your sources. Writing Enhancements The plagiarism checker is part of a robust writing app that offers advanced feedback on writing mechanics like grammar and spelling as well as more complex stylistic issues like word choice, conciseness, tone, and more. Why Use a Plagiarism Checker? You’re working on a paper and you’ve just written a line that seems kind of familiar. Did you read it somewhere while you were researching the topic? If you did, does that count as plagiarism? Now that you’re looking at it, there are a couple of other lines that you know you borrowed from somewhere. You didn’t bother with a citation at the time because you weren’t planning to keep them. But now they’re an important part of your paper. Is it still plagiarism if you’re using less than a paragraph? Using someone else’s text without attribution is plagiarism, whether you meant to do it or not. Unintentional plagiarism of even a sentence or two can have serious consequences. For students, plagiarism often means a failing grade, academic probation, or worse. Fortunately, there is a tool that can help. Grammarly’s online plagiarism checker can help you ensure that you have properly identified and cited anything in your text that isn’t 100 percent original. We originally designed our online plagiarism checker for students, but it’s a useful tool for writers in any field who want to create fresh, original, plagiarism-free work. How Does Grammarly’s Plagiarism Checker Work? Our online plagiarism checker compares your text to over 16 billion web pages and academic papers stored in ProQuest’s databases. When part of your text matches something written online or in a database, you’ll get a plagiarism alert. When you use Grammarly’s free online plagiarism check to detect plagiarism, you’ll see an instant report that tells you whether or not plagiarism was found and how many grammar and writing issues are present in your document. Grammarly’s Premium plagiarism checker flags specific sentences and provides reference information about the source, calculates an overall originality score for your document, and offers advanced writing feedback and corrections across several dimensions. Rest assured, your writing will stay private. Our plagiarism checker will not make your writing searchable publicly or in any other database. No other plagiarism checkers will see your text. Who Benefits from Grammarly’s Plagiarism Checker? Whether you’re a student writing an essay, a teacher grading papers, or a writer working on original content for the web, a plagiarism scan will not only save you time, but also help you avoid writing mistakes. @chao_mbogho Ph.D. and lecturer, Kenya I absolutely love Grammarly when writing. I especially love revising even the most mundane of lines that hit a plagiarism result, because seeing 0% plagiarism is what I live for. Brandy Cross Freelance Writer, TX “Essentially, Grammarly offers the same features as a thesaurus, a quality grammar-checking program, and a plagiarism checker. While you can purchase each of these tools separately elsewhere, Grammarly combines them, which is actually quite nice.?? Trusted by students and faculty at Millions of users trust Grammarly’s plagiarism checker Students, educators, and professional writers alike trust Grammarly to help them produce original, well-written, and well-sourced work. Save time and see better results with Grammarly’s plagiarism checker and writing feedback app.Check your text now Product Plans Grammarly Premium Grammarly Business Grammarly @edu Grammarly for Your Desktop Grammarly for Windows Grammarly for Mac The Grammarly Keyboard Grammarly for MS Office Company About Careers & Culture Blog Tech Blog Press Affiliates Grammarly API Features Product Feature News Tone Detector Grammar Checker Plagiarism Checker Trust User Trust Guidelines Privacy Policy Terms of Service CA Privacy Notice Security Connect Help Center Contact Us Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn 2021 © Grammarly Inc.
