Twitter for Business | Twitter tips, tools, and best practices Skip to main content Business People come to Twitter to discover #WhatsHappening. Help them discover your business. Start a campaign People come to Twitter to discover #WhatsHappening. Help them discover your business. Want to create an ad? Get a link to visit the full Twitter Ads experience on desktop. Send me a link Send your Twitter Ads link Want to get started with Twitter Ads? Enter your email below and we will send you a link to revisit when you are on desktop. Email * Please provide a valid email address. Country * Select United States United Kingdom Canada Australia Brazil China France Germany India Ireland Japan Mexico Saudi Arabia South Korea Spain United Arab Emirates ===================== Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia, Plurinational State of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Collectivity of Saint Martin Colombia Comoros Congo, Rebublic of Congo, Democratic Republic of Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Please make a selection from the dropdown menu. I'd like to receive the latest news and updates from Twitter for Business. * Yes No Please make a selection from the radio buttons. Submit . A link has been sent to your email. It will appear in your inbox in the next few minutes. Our audience is influential, plugged-in and in a discovery mindset. 26% People spend 26% more time viewing ads on Twitter than on other leading platforms2 #1 Twitter is the #1 platform for discovery1 53% 53% of people on Twitter are more likely to be the first to buy new products3 Our audience is influential, plugged-in and in a discovery mindset. #1 Twitter is the #1 platform for discovery1 26% People spend 26% more time viewing ads on Twitter than on other leading platforms2 53% 53% of people on Twitter are more likely to be the first to buy new products3 Opportunity to connect #Holiday is happening Get tips and inspiration for connecting with Twitter's plugged-in audience this season Download the guide Visit the holiday hub Opportunity to connect #Holiday is happening Get tips and inspiration for connecting with Twitter's plugged-in audience this season Download the guide Visit the holiday hub Advertising solutions to fit your goals From getting more followers to driving conversions, Twitter can help you grow your business. Promote your Tweets Broadcast your message to the largest audience possible. Promote your video Drive higher brand recall and awareness with show-stopping visual content. Promote your account Grow your following and build a community to amplify your message — on and off Twitter. Learn about Twitter Ads Follow @TwitterBusiness for the latest trends and tips to promote your business Follow Start advertising on Twitter Let's go 1 Source: Twitter internal data 2 Source: Kantar, “News Discovery & Influence on Twitter??, Global, 2017 3 Source: OMG + Twitter, Receptivity with Neuro-Insight, October 2018; US, BR, JP Twitter platform Twitter.com Status Card validator Embed a Tweet Privacy Center Transparency Center Twitter, Inc. About the company Twitter for Good Company news Brand toolkit Jobs and internships Investors Help Help Center Using Twitter Twitter Media Ads Help Center Managing your account Email Preference Center Rules and policies Contact us Developer resources Developer home Documentation Forums Communities Developer blog Engineering blog Developer terms Business resources Advertise Twitter for business Resources and guides Twitter for marketers Marketing insights Brand inspiration Twitter Flight School © 2021 Twitter, Inc. Cookies Privacy Terms and conditions English Business Deutsch English Español Français Português ??? ??????? ?? By using Twitter’s services you agree to our Cookies Use. We use cookies for purposes including analytics, personalisation, and ads. OK This page and certain other Twitter sites place and read third party cookies on your browser that are used for non-essential purposes including targeting of ads. Through these cookies, Google, LinkedIn, NewsCred and Logicad collect personal data about you for their own purposes. Learn more. Accept Decline
