Policy & News - NAI: Network Advertising Initiative Skip to content Support Member Portal Search Contact Understanding Digital Advertising Opt Out About the NAI Accountability Policy & News Understanding Digital Advertising What is it? How Does It Work? How Does It Benefit Me? What Are My Options? FAQ Glossary Opt Out Manage My Browser’s Opt Outs Mobile Opt Out Connected TV Choices AMA Opt Out About the NAI Staff Careers Board Members Accountability Code of Conduct Guidance Compliance Policy & News Public Policy Updates Press Releases Blog Events Understanding Digital Advertising What is it? How Does It Work? How Does It Benefit Me? What Are My Options? FAQ Glossary Opt Out Manage My Browser’s Opt Outs Mobile Opt Out Connected TV Choices AMA Opt Out About the NAI Staff Careers Board Members Accountability Code of Conduct Guidance Compliance Policy & News Public Policy Updates Press Releases Blog Events Support Member Portal Search Contact Policy & News Index Public Policy Updates Press Releases Blog Home Policy & News Want to Opt Out? Public Policy Updates The NAI opt-out page is provided as a convenience to the public, but the opt-out cookie is set by participating NAI members, who are solely responsible for setting opt-out cookies and honoring your requests. Because no technology is perfect, neither NAI nor its members warrant that the opt-out tool will be error-free or always work as intended. Latest Policy Updates NAI Comments: The Washington State Public Disclosure Commission (“PDC??): How to Improve Digital Political Advertising Disclosure in the State November 11, 2021 The Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) appreciates the opportunity to provide comments on the Washington State Public Disclosure Commission deliberations on how to improve digital political advertising. Read More Preliminary Comments on Proposed Rulemaking Under the California Privacy Rights Act November 9, 2021 On behalf of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI??), thank you for the opportunity to providepreliminary comments on proposed rulemaking under the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA??). Read More Joint Ad Trade Letter on Massachusetts Privacy Bills October 26, 2021 On behalf of the advertising industry, we oppose the privacy bills discussed during the October 13, 2021 Joint Committee on Advanced Information Technology, the Internet, and Cybersecurity hearing,1 and we Read More Press Releases Latest Press Releases NAI Statement on Proposal to Increase FTC Funding by $1 Billion and Create a Privacy Bureau September 27, 2021 WASHINGTON, DC (September 27, 2021) – The following statement by NAI President and CEO Leigh Freund regards the congressional proposal to create a new FTC bureau for privacy and increase Read More Farah Zaman Joins the NAI as VP and General Counsel September 8, 2021 Will expand capabilities for compliance and advocacy for NAI members;Joins three additional new hires WASHINGTON, DC (September 8, 2021) – The NAI has hired privacy law expert Farah Zaman as Read More NAI Announces Privacy Protections for Hashed Email Addresses as Identifiers for Tailored Advertising July 22, 2021 Email-based consumer opt-out is live; Scope will expand from Audience Matched Advertising to all Tailored Advertising WASHINGTON, DC (July 22, 2021) – The NAI – the leading self-regulatory association dedicated Read More Blog Latest Blog Post The NAI Emphasizes Privacy, Trust and Accountability with the Launch of Our New Website at TheNAI.org November 11, 2021 The NAI is proud to announce a refreshed brand identity and modern website to reflect the growth and expanding mission of our organization, members, and industry. As the NAI continues Read More The NAI Welcomes New Staff Members to the Team: Cathy Lee, Ryan Smith, and Fatiha Tabibipour October 19, 2021 The NAI is expanding its expertise and resources in data privacy, public policy, and advertising law with the recent hirings of Cathy Lee and Ryan Smith, each as Counsel for Read More NAI Opt-Out for Email-Linked Digital Advertising is Live June 29, 2021 Two years have passed since the NAI published the 2020 Code of Conduct (Code), expanding the scope of the NAI self-regulatory program to the use of offline data for Tailored Advertising, Read More Footer Linkedin Twitter YouTube Understanding Digital Advertising What is it? How Does It Work? How Does It Benefit Me? What Are My Options? FAQ Glossary Opt Out Manage My Browser’s Opt Outs Mobile Opt Out Connected TV Choices AMA Opt Out About the NAI Staff Careers Board Members Accountability Code of Conduct Guidance Compliance Policy & News Public Policy Updates Press Releases Blog Support Report A Problem Member Portal Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2021 NAI: Network Advertising Initiative. All rights reserved.
