How Does It Benefit Me? - NAI: Network Advertising Initiative Skip to content Support Member Portal Search Contact Understanding Digital Advertising Opt Out About the NAI Accountability Policy & News Understanding Digital Advertising What is it? How Does It Work? How Does It Benefit Me? What Are My Options? FAQ Glossary Opt Out Manage My Browser’s Opt Outs Mobile Opt Out Connected TV Choices AMA Opt Out About the NAI Staff Careers Board Members Accountability Code of Conduct Guidance Compliance Policy & News Public Policy Updates Press Releases Blog Events Understanding Digital Advertising What is it? How Does It Work? How Does It Benefit Me? What Are My Options? FAQ Glossary Opt Out Manage My Browser’s Opt Outs Mobile Opt Out Connected TV Choices AMA Opt Out About the NAI Staff Careers Board Members Accountability Code of Conduct Guidance Compliance Policy & News Public Policy Updates Press Releases Blog Events Support Member Portal Search Contact Home Understanding Digital Advertising How Does It Benefit Me? Want to Opt Out? How Does It Benefit Me? There are numerous benefits to Tailored Advertising including: Keeping websites and apps free Providing content, services, offers, and ads that are better matched to your interests Fewer intrusive or annoying ads Helping businesses better serve you Tailored Advertising also plays an integral role in driving economic growth and encouraging competition among companies. It affords small businesses and startups the ability to create new content and services. So, why is relevant advertising important to you and to advertisers? By keeping ads relevant to you, advertisers aren’t wasting your time with intrusive and annoying ads while also ensuring they are not wasting money on trying to reach the wrong audience. For example, what if you kept seeing ads for lawn mowers and tractors when you live in an apartment in New York City? You wouldn’t want to see ads for something you have no interest in buying. Similarly, advertisers don’t want to spend money to tell you about a product or service that is of no interest to you. And this is why Tailored Advertising helps both you and the advertiser. Moreover, if advertisers can place more effective and relevant ads, they will pay more to show them. This means that the websites you visit can earn the same revenue with fewer — and better — ads. In turn, these websites and applications can continue to provide you content and services for free. What Are My Options? Go Footer Linkedin Twitter YouTube Understanding Digital Advertising What is it? How Does It Work? How Does It Benefit Me? What Are My Options? FAQ Glossary Opt Out Manage My Browser’s Opt Outs Mobile Opt Out Connected TV Choices AMA Opt Out About the NAI Staff Careers Board Members Accountability Code of Conduct Guidance Compliance Policy & News Public Policy Updates Press Releases Blog Support Report A Problem Member Portal Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2021 NAI: Network Advertising Initiative. All rights reserved.
