About Us | Grammarly About Product PremiumBusiness Careers OpportunityTechnologyLifeOpeningsPressContact Us Our mission To improve lives by improving communication The Future of Communication (1:14) Communicate with confidence At Grammarly, we strive to help people understand one another, whenever and wherever they communicate in English. Every day, 30 million people and 30,000 teams around the world rely on our real-time suggestions to strengthen their writing and say what they really mean. Grammarly supports streamlined and effective writing. Our suggestions help identify and replace complicated sentences with more efficient ones, refresh repetitive language, and uphold accurate spelling, punctuation, and grammar. Our cutting-edge technology pushes forward what’s possible Using a variety of innovative approaches — including advanced machine learning and deep learning — we consistently break new ground in natural language processing (NLP) research to deliver unrivaled assistance in our product offerings. That’s why we were recognized by Fast Company as one of the world’s most innovative AI companies and rank among industry leaders on the Forbes Cloud 100 list and The Software Report’s Top 100 software companies. Read more about Grammarly’sengineering and research culture > User-first security and privacy principles are at the heart of our product Our user-first security and privacy principles drive everything we do and provide transparency on how we work to earn and build trust with our users. We make money from selling subscriptions — not by selling or renting user data. Keeping users’ data secure is our top priority, and our safeguards include data encryption, a secure cloud architecture, and continuous monitoring of our systems. Grammarly’s security controls are validated by enterprise-grade compliances and certifications from external auditors, and we comply with privacy regulations and frameworks. Grammarly is committed to securing and protecting the information of everyone using our product — whether you’re an individual, small organization, large enterprise, or developer. Our values inform everything — from who we are to what we build At Grammarly, it all starts with being EAGER: Ethical, Adaptable, Gritty, Empathetic, and Remarkable. We are deliberate about applying these values to everything we do, whether it’s committing to an inclusive and learning-oriented approach for our team members, supporting our users with compassion and integrity, or thoughtfully creating a product that connects people. Join our journey Join us on our ambitious journey to help people improve their communication. Grammarly Careers 600+ team members 30,000+ professional and enterprise teams 30,000,000+ daily active users Effective writing for everyone, anywhere Our English writing assistance technology scales to work seamlessly across multiple platforms and devices. For individuals, a free account can improve and strengthen everyday writing, while a Premium account will help you step up your game at work, school, and wherever else you need your communication to sound as polished as possible. Grammarly Business is built for enterprises, organizations, and teams of all sizes to help them stay on brand and drive results with consistent communication. Grammarly Business offers all Premium suggestions and enterprise-level features to improve the quality and efficiency of internal and external communication. Grammarly @edu works with students to develop essential writing skills and reinforce proper revision habits. Through Grammarly for Developers, builders can incorporate our best-in-class communication support by adding just a few lines of code to their applications. “Quality communication translates to improvements in engagement, retention, and other key metrics,?? said Grammarly Co-Founder Max Lytvyn. “And we’ve made it easier than ever for developers to enable improved outcomes for their end users.?? Grammarly for Windows and Mac Grammarly for Windows and Mac works on your favorite desktop applications and across the web. Install it once on your device for writing assistance as you move between apps, documents, and emails. Browser Extensions Grammarly’s browser extensions offer suggestions on a vast array of websites, including Google Docs, Medium, and Twitter. The Grammarly Editor Our intuitive text editor is your central place on the web to write and to customize the types of writing suggestions. The Grammarly Keyboard For polished writing on the go, the Grammarly Keyboard offers suggestions directly through your mobile device. Available for Android and iOS Grammarly for iPad Grammarly’s iPad app optimizes the Grammarly Keyboard and the Grammarly Editor specifically for tablet users. We’ve climbed a long way — with much farther to the summit Max Lytvyn, Alex Shevchenko, and Dmytro Lider founded Grammarly in 2009 with the goal of helping people communicate more effectively. Focusing first on supporting students’ grammar and spelling through a subscription-based product, they soon saw the potential of how Grammarly could help in all circumstances — from professional writing to everyday correspondence. Since then, Grammarly has grown the capabilities of our writing assistance to go way beyond grammar and spelling to analyze complex aspects of language and communication. Max Lytvyn Alex Shevchenko Dmytro Lider Today Grammarly offers an intuitive, real-time interface that’s there for people wherever they type through Grammarly for Windows and Mac, our browser extensions, mobile applications, and web editor. A free version of our assistant, introduced in 2015, ensures that anyone who needs to communicate in English has access to essential writing support. For organizations of all sizes, we rolled out our enterprise product to help teams accelerate business results through better communication. Our growth and further investment in cutting-edge language research are helped along by over $400 million in funding from Baillie Gifford, funds and accounts managed by BlackRock, General Catalyst, IVP, and others. Our journey doesn’t end here — we’re aiming for new heights as we continue to build a comprehensive platform to help people communicate with confidence and achieve their goals. Our global team Learn more about Grammarly’s extraordinary values-driven, collaborative culture. Learn about life at Grammarly Product Plans Grammarly Premium Grammarly Business Grammarly @edu Grammarly for Your Desktop Grammarly for Windows Grammarly for Mac The Grammarly Keyboard Grammarly for MS Office Company About Careers & Culture Blog Tech Blog Press Affiliates Grammarly API Features Product Feature News Tone Detector Grammar Checker Plagiarism Checker Trust User Trust Guidelines Privacy Policy Terms of Service CA Privacy Notice Security Connect Help Center Contact Us Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn 2021 © Grammarly Inc.
